Column Name 					=	Description
-----------     					----------------------
data_group						=	Which of the datasets provided this observation measures
subject							=	a code given to the human subjects that provided the activity for these observations
activity_code					=	the code number for each of six activies
activity_name					=	the descriptive name of the activity for each observation
tBodyAcc-mean()-X				=	mean time domain Body Accelation - X axis
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y				=	mean time domain Body Accelation - Y axis
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z				=	mean time domain Body Accelation - Z axis
tBodyAcc-std()-X				=	standard deviation time domain Body Accelation - X axis
tBodyAcc-std()-Y				=	standard deviation time domain Body Accelation - Y axis
tBodyAcc-std()-Z				=	standard deviation time domain Body Accelation - Z axis
tGravityAcc-mean()-X			=	mean time domain Gravity Acceleration - X axis
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y			=	mean time domain Gravity Acceleration - Y axis
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z			=	mean time domain Gravity Acceleration - Z axis
tGravityAcc-std()-X				=	standard deviation time domain Gravity Acceleration - X axis
tGravityAcc-std()-Y				=	standard deviation time domain Gravity Acceleration - Y axis
tGravityAcc-std()-Z				=	standard deviation time domain Gravity Acceleration - Z axis
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X			=	mean time domain Body Jerk Accelleration - X axis
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y			=	mean time domain Body Jerk Accelleration - Y axis
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z			=	mean time domain Body Jerk Accelleration - Z axis
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X			=	standard deviation time domain Body Jerk Accelleration - X axis
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y			=	standard deviation time domain Body Jerk Accelleration - Y axis
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z			=	standard deviation time domain Body Jerk Accelleration - Z axis
tBodyGyro-mean()-X				=	mean time domain Body Gyroscopic Change - X axis
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y				=	mean time domain Body Gyroscopic Change - Y axis
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z				=	mean time domain Body Gyroscopic Change - Z axis
tBodyGyro-std()-X				=	standard deviation time domain Body Gyroscopic Change - X axis
tBodyGyro-std()-Y				=	standard deviation time domain Body Gyroscopic Change - Y axis
tBodyGyro-std()-Z				=	standard deviation time domain Body Gyroscopic Change - Z axis
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X			=	mean time domain Body Jerk Gyroscopic Change - X axis
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y			=	mean time domain Body Jerk Gyroscopic Change - Y axis
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z			=	mean time domain Body Jerk Gyroscopic Change - Z axis
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X			=	standard deviation time domain Body Jerk Gyroscopic Change - X axis
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y			=	standard deviation time domain Body Jerk Gyroscopic Change - Y axis
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z			=	standard deviation time domain Body Jerk Gyroscopic Change - Z axis
tBodyAccMag-mean()				=	mean time domain Body Accelleration Magnitude
tBodyAccMag-std()				=	standard deviation time domain Body Accelleration Magnitude
tGravityAccMag-mean()			=	mean time domain Gravity Accelleration Magnitude
tGravityAccMag-std()			=	standard deviation time domain Gravity Accelleration Magnitude
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()			=	mean time domain Body Jerk Accelleration Magnitude
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()			=	standard deviation time domain Body Jerk Accelleration Magnitude
tBodyGyroMag-mean()				=	mean time domain Body Gyroscopic Magnitude
tBodyGyroMag-std()				=	standard deviation time domain Body Gyroscopic Magnitude
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()			=	mean time domain Body Jerk Gyroscopic Magnitude
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()			=	standard deviation time domain Body Jerk Gyroscopic Magnitude
fBodyAcc-mean()-X				=	mean FFT Body Accelation - X axis
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y				=	mean FFT Body Accelation - Y axis
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z				=	mean FFT Body Accelation - Z axis
fBodyAcc-std()-X				=	standard deviation FFT Body Accelation - X axis
fBodyAcc-std()-Y				=	standard deviation FFT Body Accelation - Y axis
fBodyAcc-std()-Z				=	standard deviation FFT Body Accelation - Z axis
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X			=	mean frequency FFT Body Accelation - X axis
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y			=	mean frequency FFT Body Accelation - Y axis
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z			=	mean frequency FFT Body Accelation - Z axis
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X			=	mean FFT Body Jerk Accelleration - X axis
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y			=	mean FFT Body Jerk Accelleration - Y axis
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z			=	mean FFT Body Jerk Accelleration - Z axis
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X			=	standard deviation FFT Body Jerk Accelleration - X axis
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y			=	standard deviation FFT Body Jerk Accelleration - Y axis
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z			=	standard deviation FFT Body Jerk Accelleration - Z axis
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X		=	mean frequency FFT Body Jerk Accelleration - X axis
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y		=	mean frequency FFT Body Jerk Accelleration - Y axis
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z		=	mean frequency FFT Body Jerk Accelleration - Z axis
fBodyGyro-mean()-X				=	mean FFT Body Gyroscopic Change - X axis
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y				=	mean FFT Body Gyroscopic Change - Y axis
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z				=	mean FFT Body Gyroscopic Change - Z axis
fBodyGyro-std()-X				=	standard deviation FFT Body Gyroscopic Change - X axis
fBodyGyro-std()-Y				=	standard deviation FFT Body Gyroscopic Change - Y axis
fBodyGyro-std()-Z				=	standard deviation FFT Body Gyroscopic Change - Z axis
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X			=	mean frequency FFT Body Gyroscopic Change - X axis
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y			=	mean frequency FFT Body Gyroscopic Change - Y axis
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z			=	mean frequency FFT Body Gyroscopic Change - Z axis
fBodyAccMag-mean()				=	mean FFT Body Accelleration Magnitude
fBodyAccMag-std()				=	standard deviation FFT Body Accelleration Magnitude
fBodyAccMag-meanFreq()			=	mean frequency FFT Body Accelleration Magnitude
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()		=	mean FFT Body Jerk Accelleration Magnitude
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()		=	standard deviation FFT Body Jerk Accelleration Magnitude
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()	=	mean frequency FFT Body Jerk Accelleration Magnitude
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()			=	mean FFT Body Gyroscopic Magnitude
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()			=	standard deviation FFT Body Gyroscopic Magnitude
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()		=	mean frequency FFT Body Gyroscopic Magnitude
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()		=	mean FFT Body Jerk Gyroscopic Magnitude
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()		=	standard deviation FFT Body Jerk Gyroscopic Magnitude
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()	=	mean frequency FFT Body Jerk Gyroscopic Magnitude
		
		
Note: FFT = Fast Fourier Transform		